# Covid-Care
Hosted on heroku - (https://arcane-mountain-70192.herokuapp.com)

Firstly you have to register yourself to use Covid Care. Covid tracker(graphical data that gets automatically updated) can be used by anyone. When you login, you will see buttons with which you can sort posts of COVID patients based on your's and COVID patient's location so that the individual can see the restricted area as well as the patients information(like COVID patients in the range of 500 m to 5 km along with their whole information). If you are tested positive then you have to update yourself and Bot will tell you that the email has been sent to the Central and state health department and you will be contacted on your given email. Here you can either write or speak, it will automatically convert you speak to text. You can also see nearby hospitals and when the Patient gets out of danger, can remove the post or can edit it(only the author has the right to edit/delete the post). And if someone feels like commenting or giving suggestions can give in the comment section. You can also view the profile of COVID Patients. And if the user forgets their password can reset also. And for every user's action, a flash message will be displayed.There is also an Admin Panel from where we can monitor each user and delete any irrelevant action caused. On the right-hand side, you will see different States having active/recovered/confirmed cases after 5 seconds. At last, there is a share button on every page with which you can share our website.
